README.md, before:

# Android Developer Roadmap 2019

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/anacoimbrag/android-developer-roadmap.svg?style=flat-square)

**Para a versão em português, [clique aqui](./README_PT_BR.md)**

Based on the [Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) that help web developers with a path of what to learn on this extense area, we developed the Android Developer Roadmap with the same goal.

We hope that with this roadmap new developers find it easier to start building beautiful android applications.

## Android Roadmap

![Android Roadmap](./images/android_roadmap.png)

## Acknowledgments

We want to thank the Android dev community all over the world that helped us with some great insights, especially [Android Dev BR](https://github.com/androiddevbr). Without you this project wouldn't be as complete as it is.

## Contribute

If you think anything is missing or should not be there, or should be different, please open a pull request with your ideas.

[Here](./docs/contributing.md) you can find how to contribute with the roadmap.

## Authors

[1.1]: http://i.imgur.com/wWzX9uB.png (follow me on twitter)
[2.1]: http://i.imgur.com/9I6NRUm.png (follow me on github)

[1]: https://twitter.com/anacoimbrag
[2]: https://github.com/anacoimbrag
[3]: https://twitter.com/DrCabrales
[4]: https://github.com/drcabral/

- Ana Coimbra [![alt text][1.1]][1][![alt text][2.1]][2]
- Diogo Cabral [![alt text][1.1]][3][![alt text][2.1]][4]

## Licence

[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)

Commit message:

Adding How to read section.

README.md, after:

# Android Developer Roadmap 2019

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/anacoimbrag/android-developer-roadmap.svg?style=flat-square)

**Para a versão em português, [clique aqui](./README_PT_BR.md)**

Based on the [Developer Roadmap](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap) that help web developers with a path of what to learn on this extense area, we developed the Android Developer Roadmap with the same goal.

We hope that with this roadmap new developers find it easier to start building beautiful android applications.

## How to read

This content is a suggested learning path to help to guide you with your Android studies. To use this content, have in mind that the roadmap have macro boxes, that are in the middle (following the line path), and from them we have micro boxes, that are more refined content about the topic of the parent box.

So, in this way, we suggest you to read from the macro to the micro boxes, from up to bottom direction. This is how we thought about have a roadmap flow, in terms of needs and difficulties.

In addiction, is good to know that you don't need to know everything in the image bellow to be a good Android developer. You can follow your needs (in your studies, projects, etc) and it will be ok!

Remind that this is a collaborative content, so, if something is missing or incomplete, you must think about how to improve it for the community.

## Android Roadmap

![Android Roadmap](./images/android_roadmap.png)

## Acknowledgments

We want to thank the Android dev community all over the world that helped us with some great insights, especially [Android Dev BR](https://github.com/androiddevbr). Without you this project wouldn't be as complete as it is.

## Contribute

If you think anything is missing or should not be there, or should be different, please open a pull request with your ideas.

[Here](./docs/contributing.md) you can find how to contribute with the roadmap.

## Authors

[1.1]: http://i.imgur.com/wWzX9uB.png (follow me on twitter)
[2.1]: http://i.imgur.com/9I6NRUm.png (follow me on github)

[1]: https://twitter.com/anacoimbrag
[2]: https://github.com/anacoimbrag
[3]: https://twitter.com/DrCabrales
[4]: https://github.com/drcabral/

- Ana Coimbra [![alt text][1.1]][1][![alt text][2.1]][2]
- Diogo Cabral [![alt text][1.1]][3][![alt text][2.1]][4]

## Licence

[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
